The gnuplot addon supports the creation of gnuplot files.

They work with gnuplot V4.0 or later, and may work with earlier versions.

The original scripts were contributed by L. Fraser Jackson.

To access:

   load 'graphics/gnuplot'

Method
------
There are 3 main functions: gplot, gsplot, gset

[cmd] gplot data

  plots 2D graphics

  data  = data, either as an open array for a single plot,
          or as a boxed list for multiple plots. This has the
          same format as for Plot

  cmd   = options in a list delimited by , in gnuplot format, except
          keywords should be spelled in full, e.g. use 'title' not 't'.
          there may be one option list per plot.
          the first option list may start with a range indication.
          the last option list applies thereafter

[cmd] gsplot data

  plots surface graphics

  the arguments are as for gplot

gset optionlist

  set one or more gnuplot options, in gnuplot format. You can set
  more than one option at a time, by delimiting each option with ;

  gset 'default' is treated specially - it reloads the gnuplot.ini
  file to reset default values.

Use in Windows 
--------------

In Windows, define GNUPLOTBIN_pgnuplot_ as the name of the
gnuplot bin directory. If defined, then:

 - the contents of gnuplot.ini are prefixed to the output file. This
ensures the default values are read on start up. In particular, the
default style for data in gnuplot is points. To change this to lines,
add the following to gnuplot.ini:

  set style data lines

 - wgnuplot.exe is called after generating the plot files.


Notes
-----
titles default to empty

You can use the double quote character to delimit strings, e.g.
  gset 'title "mydata"'

instead of

  gset 'title ''mydata'''

Strings MUST be delimited, i.e. not:  gset 'title mydata'

You can define GNUPLOTOUT as the output directory for files written by J. 
By default this is ~temp. Output files are named gnu.plt, gnu0.dat, gnu1.dat etc.

See demos in '~addons/graphics/gpdemo.ijs.
